Weather Forecast Android Application

Overview
Welcome to the Weather Forecast Android Application! This application is developed in Kotlin and utilizes the Jetpack components to provide a seamless and efficient user experience. The main functionality of the app is to display weather forecasts either based on the user's GPS location or by selecting a place from a dropdown list.

Features
Weather Forecast: Get accurate and up-to-date weather forecasts for your location or any selected place.

GPS Location: Allow the app to use your device's GPS to automatically fetch the weather forecast for your current location.

Location Selection: Choose a location from a dropdown list to view the weather forecast for that specific place.

Technologies Used
Kotlin: The entire application is developed using the Kotlin programming language, making use of its concise and expressive syntax.

Jetpack Components: Leveraging various Jetpack libraries, including LiveData, Compose, and ViewModel, to ensure a robust and maintainable architecture.

Weather API: Integration with a reliable weather API to fetch accurate and real-time weather data.

Getting Started
Clone the Repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/khush-byte/AlifWeatherApp.git
Open in Android Studio:
Open the project in Android Studio to explore the code and build the application.

Run the Application:
Connect your Android device or use an emulator to run the application and experience the weather forecast feature.

Usage
Upon launching the app, the default location will be selected, and the weather forecast will be displayed.

To use GPS for weather updates, ensure location services are enabled on your device.

Alternatively, select a specific location from the dropdown list to view the weather forecast for that location.

Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

License
This Weather Forecast Android Application is licensed under the MIT License. Feel free to use, modify, and distribute the code.

Acknowledgements
Special thanks to 'Open-meteo' for providing reliable weather data.
Enjoy using the Weather Forecast App! If you have any questions or feedback, please don't hesitate to contact me.
